# 2530 Captain's Meeting
## All Captains in Attendance | 06/04/2025

[Highlights](###highlights)

[Full Meeting Notes/Summary (annotated)](###full-meeting-notes/summary)
- [Captain's Log GDrive](####captain's-log-gdrive)
- [Training Tracker](####training-tracker)
- [CAD for Summer Camp](####cad-for-summer-camp)
- [Summer Camp](####summer-camp)
- [Documentation](####documentation)
- [Onboarding](####onboarding)
- [Leadership Structure](####leadership-structure)
- [Fundraising](####fundraising)
- [Team Optimism (Mentors Specifically)](####team-optimism-mentors-specifically)
- [Jun 30 Meeting Agenda](####jun-30-meeting-agenda)
___

### *Highlights*
1. We created a Training Tracker that will be introduced at the upcoming meeting
2. Summer camp is everyone’s biggest priority
3. Documentation would really benefit the team so summer camp processes will be documented
4. Onboarding meeting with the coaches needs to happen ASAP
5. There should be less subteam leads this year, better balance of robot vs lead skills
6. Mentors should be role models to the students

---
### *Full Meeting Notes/Summary*

#### Captain's Log GDrive
New folder in google drive under 2026 Rebuilt>Captain's Log. Meeting agendas and notes are contained. This meeting's agenda is in there but goals and summer overview were added.  
[Captain's Log](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1F_eKgtbfHoOq6poDBIz4NhgQQPWWBIM3)


#### Training Tracker
We created the form earlier, it will be introduced at the first summer meeting on June 10. The tracker is made to be for motivation, not to pressure or "give homework" to team members. It could be a great way to keep track of skills and give team members better opportunites or resources to learn further. This data will also be beneficial to team and Impact documentation.  

The form documents hours, optional resources, & more details on what the student was doing. Team members can manually input their names (This was to avoid forgetting people but also ensuring the "name" response is clear as some team members "don't give af" when filling out forms).  
[Training Tracker](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1njd9WH3oBx9bE8wn_AyGWvWPrSAvBWxCMBS1p-IdDEA/edit)


#### CAD for Summer Camp
Basically using CAD tools for parts from summer camp kits. Would involve putting everything into CAD and we're not sure if we have the time for that so maybe this endeavor will be moved to next year. Could be very beneficial as we could 3D print parts for campers and even start them off with premade pieces (i.e. a manipulator). 


#### Summer Camp
The **biggest** priority for everyone on the team. Meetings need to be planned for outside of normal meeting times. It was decided there should be an additional meeting once a week, in-person for "fiddling with the kits" and online for game manual creation. The game needs to be planned very soon and rule book planning will be kept to a limited selection of people.

To get a better grasp on attendance of summer meetings, we created a discord channel named "summer-meeting-attendance" where a captain will send out a message for team members to "react" to. 
- Ex. ![Example screenshot](/files://C:/Users/matildecabrera/markdown-notes/robotics/lead-meeting-notes/img/summer-meeting-attendance-example.png)

Summer camp leads are working on summer camp logisitcs. There will be 6 tables of student mentors, a list of mentors and table assignments will be put together. We still need to prototype the arms, prebuild 6 drive bases (by July 1), etc.

[Summer Camp Planning](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1y1GeOb72mBThDigm6f5dNR9sxe82fs4z)


#### Documentation
Documentation, such as this document, are superbeneficial to the team. We are able to look back on past expereinces, learn from our progress, help the team in the future, etc. Our documents could also be published and would really help for the team's impact.

There was a meeting on documentation and we decided on 3 types of documentation:
1. Logs- everyday changes, what time and why something happened, FMEA
2. Wikipedia- the GitHub pages and similar to Book of Knowledge
3. Manual- comprehensive overview, compiles both

We want to introudce more documentation with summer camp. The biggest issue is "how" we will do this but it is very worth doing. Summer camp process is made up of mainly drive train, manipulators, and programming so to document these processes we will take pictues, annotate, and add comments to this.


#### Onboarding
We defined onboarding as learning technical skills and becoming familiar with the shop and team. We also decided that we are going to wait until we are back in the shop and unpacked because or else the experience will be difficult and not fun for everyone. 

aCADemy and aCODEmy were discussed, some of the issues with them is they quickly jump from basics to big things. We are in the proccess of redoing aCADemy and making it more self-guided.

This topic is big and very important so we are waiting to discuss more with the coaches.


#### Leadership Structure
It was agreed upon that we have sort of 3 "layers" of team members: captains/leads, subteam leads, and the rest of the team members. A big idea that we had was that the subteam leads could come to the meetings a bit earlier so the captains could catch them up on discussions/decisions that were made. To choose the subteam leads, we want to ensure they have a good balance of knowledge and leadership qualities. We also don’t want too many, about a ratio of 1:1.5 captains to subteam leads. These subteam leads are meant to fill in where captains don’t know.  The 5 Ws (who, what, where, when, why) can be decided later, as these subteam leads will not be needed for the offseason.


#### Fundraising
At the moment, fundraising will only be done by bznz and there may be a bznz meeting to discuss how this will happen. Collective team fundraising should wait until we are back in the shop however, to ensure that focus remains on summer camp. 


#### Team Optimism (Mentors Specifically)
The topic of “team culture” and how our team is presented is huge at the moment so we did not go too in depth just yet. The main issue we had was with mentors expressing extreme frustration that was noticeable to students and people who weren’t on the team. This is a topic we will bring up first at the meeting with coaches on June 30th. 
